<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook V3.1//EN">
<book><bookinfo>
<title>Computer Engineering Project: Meetings Journal</title>
<authorgroup>
<author><firstname>Michael</firstname><surname>Still</surname></author>
<author><firstname>Daniel</firstname><surname>Fernandez</surname></author>
<author><firstname>Blake</firstname><surname>Swadling</surname></author>
<author><firstname>Nick</firstname><surname>Wheatstone</surname></author>
<author><firstname>Kristy</firstname><surname>Van Der Vlist</surname></author>
</authorgroup>
</bookinfo>
<chapter id="meetings-week10"><title>Semester One, Week Ten Meetings</title>
<para>
This was the first week back after the mid-semester class free period.
</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 30 April 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 2:30pm to 4:30pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion of the state of play</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress. There were no new action items, and the objective of the meeting was mainly to keep various group members informed of what other members of the group are doing.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
No new action items this meeting.
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week13"><title>Semester One, Week Thirteen Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Wednesday 22 May 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 11.00am to xx pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Discussions involved the project's Fourier functionality requirements. </para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Tutorial type format where Peter briefly outlined the principals behind PWelch PSD plots.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>Peter Morgan briefly clarified additional requirements, those being the inclusion of PWelch PSD plots.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Assoc. Prof. Peter Morgan</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Nick needed to modify some of the existing CEP MATLAB code to cater for the additional requirements</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Saturday 25 May 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 10.30am to xx pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion, individual work</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion about the need for a Matrix class and it's specifications brought 
about by informal discussions earlier in the week.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>It was agreed that we would be using the FFTW package to carry out Fast 
Fourier Transforms in the C++ implementation of the project.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Further discussion regarding content of the Poster. I.e Format etc...</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Prototype discussion: TODO: expand</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis></emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to further explore the FFTW library and it's integration with the 
project.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week14"><title>Semester One, Week Fourteen Meetings</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Saturday 1 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 2:30pm to 6:00pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion of the state of play</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Continued discussion of Matrix class requirements.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion on the state of the wxWindows UI and further potential 
possibilities given the discovery of some wxWindows features.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion about whether or not the Windowing should in fact be a part of 
cepDataset</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress. There we no new action items, and the objective of the meeting was mainly to keep various group members informed of what other members of the group are doing.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Kristy would start implementing the Matrix class</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Action Item 2</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week15"><title>Semester One, Week Fifteen Meetings</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Sunday 9 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 1:30pm to 4:30pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion of the state of play</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Agreement on requirements of Matrix class, discussed possibility of now 
finding a already existing Matrix template library or implementing a fresh one.</para></listitem>
<listitem>Agreement on Poster form with a basic content structure defined<para></para></listitem>


</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
keep various group members informed of what other members of the group are doing.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Blake to find appropriate background images for the poster</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week16"><title>Semester One, Week Sixteen Meetings (week 1 examination period)</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 11 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 5:30pm to 7:00pm, with Associate Prof. Peter Morgan.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion on various topics.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of UI requirements and expectations for both prototype and final product.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of Honors extensions for final product - none for prototype.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of how individual efforts will be identified at the projects completion.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress with Peter. The objective of the meeting for us to approach Peter with any questions. These questions were specifically aimed at requirements and scope of the project and prototype. Specifically with regard to mathematical requirements.
</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Ass. Prof. Peter Morgan</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
No specific action items were identified, however, the following issues were clarified somewhat:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para> extensions in the prototype are not necessary.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para> extensions were more clear defined (outlined below).</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>


<sect1><title>Thursday 13 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 6:00pm to -.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion on where people are at.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Further prototyping work carried out.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of the MIT FFTW library with regards to linking it with CEP and required data structures for FFTW.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion on ways in which to test modules with and without the UI.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was essentially to advance the state of the prototype along with discussion of the aforementioned topics</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Action item 1</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Action Item 2</para></listitem>
<listitem><para></para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week17"><title>Semester One, Week Seventeen (Week 2, exam period) Meetings</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 9 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 1:30pm to 4:30pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion of the state of play</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Agreement on requirements of Matrix class, discussed possibility of now 
finding a already existing Matrix template library or implementing a fresh one.</para></listitem>
<listitem>Agreement on Poster form with a basic content structure defined<para></para></listitem>


</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
keep various group members informed of what other members of the group are doing.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Blake to find appropriate background images for the poster</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week15"><title>Semester One, Week Fifteen Meetings</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Sunday 9 June 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 1:30pm to 4:30pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Informal discussion of the state of play</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Agreement on requirements of Matrix class, discussed possibility of now 
finding a already existing Matrix template library or implementing a fresh one.</para></listitem>
<listitem>Agreement on Poster form with a basic content structure defined<para></para></listitem>


</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss our progress. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
keep various group members informed of what other members of the group are doing.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Blake to find appropriate background images for the poster</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week1"><title>Semester One, Week One Meetings</title>
<para>
As the first week of the project, this week was devoted to finding an acceptable project, and starting to develop the written report which is due next week.
</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 26 February 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting discussed the following issues:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Consideration of the available projects and the pros and cons</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Requirements for the project in accordance with the pursuit of Honors for a number of the group members</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Whether the group should be split into a series of smaller groups</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was decided that the group should remain as intended (that is, Daniel, Michael, Nick, Blake and Kristy). The project which is most likely to be undertaken is the GPS laboratory data analysis project -- further information is to be sought from Associate Professor Peter Morgan as to the specifics of this project.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to organise a time for a meeting with Associate Professor Morgan and inform the group -- a preference for tomorrow has been expressed</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan and determine more details for the project</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Friday 1 March 2002</title>
<para>
This was a meeting held between Associate Professor Peter Morgan and the project group. This meeting discussed the following issues:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>The requirements of the GPS data analysis project</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The prototyping phase and some of Associate Professor Morgan's expectations of the design and development process</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Issues which should be discussed in the initial report</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Requirements for studying Honors and the fact that several members of the group are currently in the process of enrolling in the Honors program</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Further research to be undertaken</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was decided that the group would collect further technical information from Associate Professor Morgan and research the problem more over the weekend before developing the initial report. A further meeting has been arranged for Sunday.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake (unable to attend, work commitments)</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Associate Professor Peter Morgan</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to collect information pack before Sunday meeting</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet on Sunday to assimilate information</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan on Monday to flesh out initial report</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Sunday 3 March 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting was called to develop the first draft of the initial report.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Developed a description of the problem</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Identified a variety of risks in the project and assigned varying probabilities to them -- the higher the risk, the more effort the group needs to put into eliminating it</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Our implementation approach, which is based on a series of phases of implementation: prototyping; initial implementation; output development; a graphical user interface; core extensions; non core extensions; and Honors extensions</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The testing requirements for the project</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>The group will next meet on Monday to discuss this first draft of the initial report with Associate Professor Peter Morgan.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick (unable to attend, interstate)</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael to finalize the contributions of the group and send a draft of the report to the various group members by email</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan on Monday to finalize initial report</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week22"><title>Semester Two, Week One</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Wednesday 24th July</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.30 to 21.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>The group continued design work on the poster presentation.</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>The objective of the meeting was to finalise a draft poster for the presentation.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel was to organise printing of a draft poster.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>A meeting was organised for Thursday 25th to review the draft and make any final
changes for printing on Friday.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Thursday 25th July</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.30 to 21.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>The group continued design work on the poster presentation.</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>The objective of the meeting was to make final changes to the draft poster for the presentation.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel was to organise printing of a final poster.</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group was to conduct research into what would be most effective on the proposed
brochure to accompany the poster..</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>A meeting was organised for Sunday 28th to work on the brochure.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1><title>Sunday 28th July</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 11.00 to 2.30
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>The group continued design work on the brochure for the poster presentation.</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>The objective of the meeting was to finalise the accompanying brochure to the poster.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Layout and grammatical changes were to be made and changes made by group members
emailed to one another for review and confirmation.</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week24"><title>Semester Two, Week Three</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Tuesday 6th August</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.30 to 19.00
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Blake gave Kristy and Daniel a briefing on the unit proposed testing tools</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal, unscheduled meeting to further discuss testing issues. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
ensure that people were familiar with some unit testing tools being introduced into the project.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
No action items were identified.
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>
</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week25"><title>Semester Two, Week Four</title>
<para>

</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 12th August</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 17.00 to 
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>A review of group progress and priorities</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This was an informal meeting to discuss issues relating to testing, coding format, prioritising. The objective of the meeting was mainly to 
ensure that people were familiar with where the project is in terms of schedule etc.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>

<para>
No action items were identified.
</para>

</sect2>
</sect1>
</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week2"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 4pm to xx pm, with Associate Professor Peter Morgan.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Critique of the initial report draft</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Information about the mathematics required for the project and some of the scientific issues</para></listitem>

</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was decided that the group should remain as intended (that is, Daniel, Michael, Nick, Blake and Kristy). The project which is most likely to be undertaken is the GPS laboratory data analysis project -- further information is to be sought from Associate Professor Peter Morgan as to the specifics of this project.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel to organise a time for a meeting with Associate Professor Morgan and inform the group -- a preference for tomorrow has been expressed</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>The group to meet with Associate Professor Morgan and determine more details for the project</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week3"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
DID WE REALLY HAVE NO MEETINGS IN WEEK FOUR? TODO
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week4"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
DID WE REALLY HAVE NO MEETINGS IN WEEK FOUR? TODO
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week5"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
DID WE REALLY HAVE NO MEETINGS IN WEEK FOUR? TODO
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week6"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
DID WE REALLY HAVE NO MEETINGS IN WEEK FOUR? TODO
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week7"><title>Semester One, Week Two Meetings</title>
<para>
...Summary of the week...
</para>

<sect1><title>Monday 4 March 2002</title>
<para>
DID WE REALLY HAVE NO MEETINGS IN WEEK FOUR? TODO
</para>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week89"><title>Semester One, Week Eight Meetings</title>
<para>
This week was the first of the class free period.
</para>

<sect1><title>Wednesday 17 April 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 2pm to 10pm, with an hour break in the middle.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Examination of the state of the prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of future directions for the prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Examination of progress on coding of final product</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of final directions for final product</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Information about FFTW from MIT</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>This meeting made significant progress on the prototype. This included the initial interpolation code for MATLAB, as well as many other features. The basis for the C++ final product was also laid down in this meeting.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Daniel, Kristy, Nick and Blake to continue implementing prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael to continue working on c++ skeleton</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
<chapter id="meetings-week9"><title>Semester One, Week Nine Meetings</title>
<para>
This week was the second of the class free period. Because several members of the group were either working night shift or interstate, there was only one meeting.
</para>

<sect1><title>Sunday 27 April 2002</title>
<para>
This meeting ran from 4pm to 6pm.
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Examination of the state of the prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of future directions for the prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Examination of progress on coding of final product</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Discussion of final directions for final product</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Information about FFTW from MIT</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Security of the Icebox</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<para>
<emphasis>It was noted that the prototype is progressing well. The final product has had some skeletal work implemented, but is forming a good basis for continuing work.</emphasis>
</para>

<para>
In attendance at the meeting
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Michael</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Nick</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Blake</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>

<sect2><title>Action items</title>
<para>
The following action items were identified:
<orderedlist>
<listitem><para>Nick and Blake to continue implementing prototype</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Daniel to investigate Windowing and FFTW</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Michael to continue working on c++ skeleton</para></listitem>
<listitem><para>Kristy to start implementing c++ linear regression algorithm</para></listitem>
</orderedlist>
</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

</chapter>
</book>
